Be careful
Just two times and still dancing knives and guns here
stand up
You wait for me.
I'll be back.
Husband husband
Sister, do you think I can follow you?
After all, we were best friends before
You take me to make some money, I can do anything
Very capable roll
Brother Earth
You are the protagonist of this business conference
In the future, I will use you as my backer
You are welcome.
As the youngest young talent in the city
Let me tell you a few words
Okay.
I'll just say a few words
actually
This era is a golden age everywhere
It was a time of booming commerce.
innovation
That's the only way that technology can be driven.
Ok ok ok ok
Hahahahaha
Look what you mean by that guy in black
Looking at the hat is silly
autumn
Is this lucky money for Rou Rou too much?
Nothing much
When I give him compensation?
Right? Bye.
So nice. So nice.
Does Xiaoyan not need to worry about being poor now?
Earn too much
Hey, but have you thought about it?
What is the next entrepreneurial direction?
I've decided not to make food
I'm gonna do it
I have thought about the name of the software, so I will call it QQ.
How about you have the confidence to stud with me?
Why not?
Then we will become bigger, stronger and create greater brilliance.
Ah!
Hahahaha